zkvm: implement `delegate` instruction (#164)
interstellar/slingshot: zkvm/docs/zkvm-spec.md

_contract prog sig_ **delegate** → _results..._

1. Pop [data](#data-type) `sig`, [data](#data-type) `prog` and the [contract](#contract-type) from the stack.

> 2. Push the [Contract payload](#contract-payload) onto the stack.

Reviewer: maybe use the same wording as in `signtx`?
```suggestion
2. Place the [contract payload](#contract-payload) on the stack (last item on top), discarding the contract.
```
